There is a dialogue in Cinderella: "Dream is your inner wish."
That is the castle of Cinderella.
This is certainly not true. Dreams are just random movements that the brain tries to translate.
But this sentence is really interesting.
Some people’s professions are "dream scientists."
This is the collective name for the dream explorer.
Their dream is "lucid dream"
That means you can stay awake in your dreams.
Know that you are dreaming and control what you want
Fly, chat with others, overcome fear, all the things you want to do
I also tried to do this, but it was not very successful.
But I also learned the same skills that you may not understand: discriminate dreams
That is a test, starting from a few times a day.
This is obviously a good way to learn to clear your dreams.
The simple test is: read some text
Any text, such as on a sign, in a newspaper, in any text
These words not only have nothing to say, but also change as your eyes move away and move back to them.
They are just words that your brain suddenly associates with
Any word that can be found in the dictionary, there is no logic at all.
Any words that your brain suddenly thinks of, or any nerves that suddenly become active in your brain's language area
Will be the text you read
Now look down at the things in front of you.
Maybe the computer in the dream can't be used, it's also a good sign.
If you are dreaming, if you are using Windows
In short, see if the text has changed.
If not, don't wake up too early.
Let’s play in the dream first.
This is a lucid dream that you may not understand.
I guess this is Donald Duck!